idTin: 34, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 33, loai: Đã ẩn
update result: success
idTin: 32, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 13, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 15, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 14, loai: Đã ẩn
update result: success
idTin: 12, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 12, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 28, loai: Đã bán
update result: success
idTin: 29, loai: Đã ẩn
update result: success
idTin: 2, loai: Đã ẩn
update result: success
